{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy for Grizzly Sighting Recorder\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Last Updated:
\f1\b0  September 10, 2025\
Thank you for using the Grizzly Sighting Recorder app ("the App"). This Privacy Policy describes how your information is collected, used, and shared when you use our application.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Information We Collect\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We collect the following types of information to provide and improve the service:\

\f0\b 1. Information You Provide:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Comments:
\f1\b0  Any text you voluntarily enter into the comment field when you record a sighting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 2. Information Collected Automatically:
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Geolocation Data:
\f1\b0  When you choose to record a sighting, we collect the precise latitude and longitude of your device at that moment. We do not track your location in the background or at any other time.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Date and Time:
\f1\b0  We automatically record the date and time when a sighting is submitted.\
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Anonymous User Identifier:
\f1\b0  To enable community features and secure the database, the App uses Firebase Authentication to assign you a unique, anonymous identifier (
\f2\fs26 userId
\f1\fs24 ). This ID is not linked to your personal identity, name, or email address.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 How We Use Your Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The information we collect is used solely for the core functionality of the App:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To display the location, date, time, and your comment for a grizzly bear sighting on a shared community map and list.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To allow all users of the App to view this community-sourced data.\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The anonymous 
\f2\fs26 userId
\f1\fs24  is used to associate you with your own sightings. This allows you to delete your own entries and helps us secure the database. This 
\f2\fs26 userId
\f1\fs24  is never displayed to other users.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 How We Share Your Information\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 The purpose of this app is to share information with the community. Therefore, the following data is publicly shared and visible to all other users of the App:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The latitude and longitude of a sighting.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The date and time of a sighting.\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
The comment you provided with a sighting.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your information to outside parties for marketing, advertising, or other purposes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Data Security\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Your data is stored on Google's Firebase Firestore service, which uses industry-standard security measures to protect data. We have implemented security rules to prevent unauthorized access and to ensure that users can only delete their own contributions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Data Retention\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Sighting data is stored in our database indefinitely to maintain a historical record for the community. You have the right to delete any sighting that you have personally contributed at any time, which will permanently remove it from our database.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Children's Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 This application is not intended for use by anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect any information from children under 13.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Changes to This Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Contact Us\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:\

\f0\b igrizzlybear.info@gmail.com
\f1\b0 \
}